The Eye Test
Peppa and George
are playing with Pedro Pony.
They are going to
jump in muddy puddles.
Pedro has slipped
and lost his glasses.
Where are my glasses?
Without glasses
Pedro can not see very well.
George has found Pedro's glasses.
Ooooh!
Silly George.
Here they are.
Thank you.
Pedro, Why do you wearglasses?
I need to.
The optician says so.
What's an optician?
My daddy is an optician,
he checks that you can see clearly.
How?
Does he look inside your head?
He does an eye test.
Shall I give you an eye test?
Yes, give me an eye test.
OK.
Hmmm, interesting!
Close one eye
and say what you see.
I can see George.
Now close both eyes.
Now, I can't see anything.
Hmmm, can't see anything.
Very, very interesting.
I think you need glasses.
Oh, do I?
Yes.
Pedro, home time.
Bye bye, Pedro!
Bye bye!
Mummy, I need glasses.
What?
Pedro gave me an eye test
and I need glasses.
I'm sure youreyes are fine.
No, mummy,
when I closed my eyes,
I couldn't see anything.
But no one can see anything
with theireyes closed.
Oh.
What's this about needing glasses?
Pedro knows all about glasses.
His daddy is an optician.
All right, Peppa,
let's take you to the optician
for a propereye test.
Let's go now.
George, would you like
an eye test, too?
No.
Peppa is at the optician.s.
Mr. Pony is the optician.
Hello, Peppa,
please sit down.
Now, what can I do for you?
I need an eye test, please.
Of course, put these special glasses
on and then look at the chart.
Mr. Pony is going to test Peppa's eyes.
Can you read these letters for me, please?
Ok, hmmm A... B... C... D... E... F...
Good!
Now these numbers, please.
Hmmm. 1... 2... 3... 4... 5... 6
Very good!
And now these colors, please.
Red... green... orange...
blue... yellow... purple
Excellent!
While I check your results,
would you like to choose some glasses?
Yes, please.
How about these glasses, Peppa?
They're funny.
I know,
what about these ones?
They're too big.
How about these?
Wow, I like these ones, Mummy.
Yes, Peppa.
You look fantastic.
I look fantastic.
Good news!
Peppa has perfect eyesight.
Oh, so I don't need glasses?
No!
But I really want glasses.
Hmmm, I suppose you could
have some sunglasses.
Yes, sunglasses.
Here you are.
Fantastic!
I hope it's sunny every day.
So I can always wear my sunglasses.